README.md, before:

# Portfolio: Laurent Juma
#### This portfolio contaiins my details, 2019
#### By **Laurent Juma**
## Description
This is my programming portfolio. It contains brief details about me and the projects I have worked on.
## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Install a powerful browser
## Support and contact details
In case of any issues encountered or queries, you can contact lcbillax.lj@gmail.com or +254792599994. You are always free to contact
or make any contribution to the code.
### License
* MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Laurent Juma

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Copyright (c) {year} **Laurent Juma**

Commit message:

Add link to live site on GitHub pages

README.md, after:

# Portfolio: Laurent Juma
#### This portfolio contaiins my details, 2019
#### By **Laurent Juma**
## Description
This is my programming portfolio. It contains brief details about me and the projects I have worked on.
##Link to live site on GitHub Pages
https://laurent-c4.github.io/portfolio/
## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Install a powerful browser
## Support and contact details
In case of any issues encountered or queries, you can contact lcbillax.lj@gmail.com or +254792599994. You are always free to contact
or make any contribution to the code.
### License
* MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Laurent Juma

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Copyright (c) {year} **Laurent Juma**
